air strikes on hunas and then as always
the casualties brought to hospitals in
the back of
cars inside the dead lay on the floor a
familiar scene in Gaza there is no room
to
spare six of my family were killed my
son and his wife together with their
three daughters and son were all killed
what wrong did those innocent children
do the missile landed in our neighbor's
house I ran out to see my sisters my
nephews and nieces all lying on the
ground Torn to Pieces the mother was
also killed her stomach was ripped open
they were all women their young innocent
children their body parts all over the
place more ambulances arrive at ner
Hospital the attack came minutes after
an Israeli warning to leave not enough
time for those people to
escape thousands of others rushed to get
out Force displaced time and time
again told to leave then bombed it's a
vicious cycle of
brutality a family was sleeping and they
hid him they were children this is the
American Nazism this is the Netanyahu
Nazism Israel carried out attacks
elsewhere this time outside Al AA
Hospital in bah a drone strike hitting
attent used by journalists the strike
hit was only 20 M away where our team
was based next to the hospital the
strike was so strong that a couple of my
colleagues were knocked off their feet
this is meant to be a safe space next to
the hospital's
compound back in kanun this man Mourns
his dead wife where is our mother they
ask him she was killed her body is
inside the car trunk he tells
him and from here she will be taken to
be buried They Mourn as she's driven
away Clinging On to their final moments
with
her make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer